Code coverage criteria for Certification test for certifying component to be stable (#2805)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/components/certification-lifecycle.md

- Client reconnection: in case the client library cannot connect to the service for a moment, Dapr sidecar should not require a restart once the service is back online.
- Authentication options: validate the component can authenticate with all the supported options.
- Validate resource provisioning: validate if the component automatically provisions resources on initialization, if applicable.
- All scenarios covering both positive and failure paths relevant to the corresponding building block and component.

The test plan must be approved by a Dapr maintainer and be published in a `README.md` file along with the component code.

### Test requirements

- The tests should validate the functional behavior and robustness of the component based on the component specification, reflecting the scenarios from the test plan
- The tests must run successfully as part of the continuous integration of the [components-contrib](https://github.com/dapr/components-contrib) repository

> - The tests need to have atleast 60% of the code coverage on a successful test run ensuring all functional flows of the component is covered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The tests need to have at least 60% of the code coverage on a successful test run, ensuring all functional flows of the component is covered
```
